[SQUASH] Refactor and update verification details on quickstarts (#171)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/deployment/subctl.en.md

| `--kubeconfig` `<string>`    | Absolute path(s) to the kubeconfig file(s) (default "$HOME/.kube/config")
| `--kubecontext` `<string>`   | Kubeconfig context to use

### verify

`subctl verify <kubeConfig1> <kubeConfig2> [flags]`

> The `verify-connectivity` command verifies deployment between two clusters. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `verify-connectivity` command verifies a deployment between two clusters. The
```

> The `verify-connectivity` command verifies a deployment between two clusters. The

Author: oops! :)

`kubeConfig1` file will be `ClusterA` in the reports, while `kubeConfig2` will be `ClusterB` in the
reports. The `--verbose` flag is recommended to see what's happening during the tests.

> For `connectivity` dataplane connectivity is verified in multiple ways:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are several suites of verifications that can be performed. By default all verifications are performed.

The `connectivity` suite verifies dataplane connectivity across the clusters for the following cases:
```

 * Pods (on gateways) to Services
 * Pods (on non-gateways) to Services
 * Pods (on gateways) to Pods
 * Pods (on non-gateways) to Pods
and between gateway and non-gateway node combinations.

> For `service-discovery` dns discovery of the `<service>.<namespace>.svc.multicluster.local`

Reviewer: supercluster.local?

> For `service-discovery` dns discovery of the `<service>.<namespace>.svc.multicluster.local`

Author: ```suggestion
For `service-discovery` dns discovery of the `<service>.<namespace>.svc.supercluster.local`
```

> For `service-discovery` dns discovery of the `<service>.<namespace>.svc.multicluster.local`

Author: ```suggestion
For `service-discovery` dns discovery of the `<service>.<namespace>.svc.supercluster.local`
```

> For `service-discovery` dns discovery of the `<service>.<namespace>.svc.supercluster.local`
> dns entries across clusters is verified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `service-discovery` suite verifies dns discovery of `<service>.<namespace>.svc.supercluster.local`
entries across the clusters.
```

> For `gateway-failver` the active/passive fail-over of gateways is tested. To verify
> this, you need to have a single gateway defined in your system, and other
> available worker nodes capable of serving as gateways. Please note that
> this type of verification requires the use of `--enable-disruptive` flag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `gateway-failover` suite verifies the continuity of cross-cluster dataplane connectivity after a
gateway failure in a cluster occurs. This suite requires a single gateway configured on `ClusterA` and other
available worker nodes capable of serving as gateways. Please note that this verification is disruptive
in that it changes the state of the clusters to cause fail-overs and thus requires the use of the `--enable-disruptive` flag.
```

> For `gateway-failver` the active/passive failover of gateways is tested, to verify
> this currently you need to have a single gateway defined in your system, and other
> available worker nodes capable of working as gateways. Please note that for using
> this type of verification you will need to use the `--enable-disruptive` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `gateway-failver` the active/passive fail-over of gateways is tested. To verify
this, you need to have a single gateway defined in your system, and other
available worker nodes capable of serving as gateways. Please note that
this type of verification requires the use of `--enable-disruptive` flag.
```

| `--kubeconfig` `<string>`    | Absolute path(s) to the kubeconfig file(s) (default "$HOME/.kube/config")
| `--kubecontext` `<string>`   | Kubeconfig context to use

### verify

`subctl verify <kubeConfig1> <kubeConfig2> [flags]`

The `verify` command verifies a Submariner deployment between two clusters is functioning properly. The
`kubeConfig1` file will be `ClusterA` in the reports, while `kubeConfig2` will be `ClusterB` in the
reports. The `--verbose` flag is recommended to see what's happening during the tests.

> There are several suites of verifications that can be performed. By default all verifications are performed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are several suites of verifications that can be performed. By default all verifications are performed.
Some verifications are deemed disruptive in that they change some state of the clusters as a side effect.
If running the command interactively, you will be prompted for confirmation to perform disruptive 
verifications unless the `--enable-disruptive` flag is also specified. If running non-interactively (that is with no stdin), `--enable-disruptive` must be specified otherwise disruptive verifications are skipped.
```

The `connectivity` suite verifies dataplane connectivity across the clusters for the following cases:
 * Pods (on gateways) to Services
 * Pods (on non-gateways) to Services
 * Pods (on gateways) to Pods
 * Pods (on non-gateways) to Pods
and between gateway and non-gateway node combinations.

The `service-discovery` suite verifies dns discovery of `<service>.<namespace>.svc.supercluster.local`
entries across the clusters.

The `gateway-failover` suite verifies the continuity of cross-cluster dataplane connectivity after a
gateway failure in a cluster occurs. This suite requires a single gateway configured on `ClusterA` and other

> available worker nodes capable of serving as gateways. Please note that this verification is disruptive
> in that it changes the state of the clusters to cause fail-overs and thus requires the use of the `--enable-disruptive` flag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
available worker nodes capable of serving as gateways. Please note that this verification is disruptive.
```

| `--operation-timeout` `<value>`     | Operation timeout for K8s API calls (default 240)
| `--report-dir` `<string>`           | XML report directory (default ".")
| `--verbose`                         | Produce verbose logs during connectivity verification

> | `--only`                            | Comma separated verifications to be performed (default `connectivity,service-discovery,gateway-failover`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--only`                            | Comma separated list of specific verifications to perform
```

kind of a nit but perhaps it would be better not to list the default verifications here as it could become stale should we miss updating this as we add more. Above we state that by default all verifications are performed so I think re-wording as per my suggestion should suffice.

Author: Done.

| `--operation-timeout` `<value>`     | Operation timeout for K8s API calls (default 240)
| `--report-dir` `<string>`           | XML report directory (default ".")
| `--verbose`                         | Produce verbose logs during connectivity verification
| `--only`                            | Comma separated verifications to be performed (default `connectivity,service-discovery,gateway-failover`)

> | `--enable-disruptive`               | Enable verifications which are potentially disruptive to your deployment like `gateway-failover`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--enable-disruptive`               | Enable verifications which are potentially disruptive to your deployment
```
